This project aims to develop different optimal paths for citizens with mobility issues in the city of Amsterdam by using interactive strategies to obtain utilities from the user. This project is developed on Multi-Objective Optimization using non-parametric approaches such as Gaussian Processes with Expected Improvement and parts of the code have been used from Luisa's work (which is the previous work done on this research), link to her github: https://github.com/lmzintgraf/gp_pref_elicit, and other code for generating algorithm for Bayesian Logistic Regression (which I use as a blackbox since implementing the functioning of BLR solely was not the aim of this thesis) is taken from Diederik Roijers' ```momabs_bayesian``` folder (copyright information included in the code for this). I aim to solve the multi-objective path planning problem using a parametric approach such as Bayesian Logistic Regression with Thompson Sampling. Hence, to successfully solve the problem and prove which method works the best, I first take Luisa's approach which includes Gaussian Process using Expected Improvement, then I check how good Thompson Sampling performs on the Gaussian Process and finally I check how Bayesian Logistic Regression performs with Thompson Sampling. 

What to run:
1. To run the experiments for Expected Improvement, run the ```run_GP-EI.py``` file in the ```experiments``` folder and change the ```num_iter``` to the desired number of iterations the notebook should be run.
2. To run the experiments for Thompson Sampling, run the ```run_GP-TS.py``` file in the ```experiments``` folder change the ```num_iter``` to the desired number of iterations the notebook should be run.
3. To run Gaussian Processes with Expected Improvement or Thompson Sampling using a different dataset with more or less objectives and datapoints, modify the path to ```synthetic_pcs``` in ```GP_EI.ipynb``` and ```GP_TS.ipynb``` files respectively. Please also change the ```output_regret_csv```, ```output_csv``` and ```objectives``` variables accordingly. 
4. To generate synthetic Pareto Coverage Sets with different objectives and datapoints, run the ```pointset.py``` file in the ```synthetic_pcs_sets``` folder and modify the ```numobjectives``` and ```numpoints``` variables.
5. To generate graphs for the output of Expected Improvement and/or Thompson Sampling, run file ```visualizations.py``` in the ```experiments``` folder. This will generate graphs for all csv files present in the ```experiments``` folder.
6. To generate graphs for the regret of Expected Improvement and/or Thompson Sampling at each step of the loop, run file ```visualizations-regret.py``` in the ```experiments``` folder. Here, please modify the ```output_dir```, ```csv_file_1```,```csv_file_2``` and ```csv_file_3``` variables to correctly correspond to the output directory of the plot along with its name as well as the csv files being used.
